# MIT-portfolio
This is the most recent working version of a project I've been working on over the last month. In this project, I am creating a data structure that is supposed to mimic the way the human mind makes connections. I decided to work on this project because I am very interested in the way the mind works and how the environment affects it. This is not yet the finalized version of this project. There are still bugs I want to iron out and functionality I want to add to it before it's truly usable, but this is a functioning MVP+. When it is complete its main use of this data type will be taking in a constant stream of information that is highly linked, for example, input from an algorithm that identifies the object seen by a camera, and constantly predicts what the camera might see in the near future, correcting and improving as it goes on. Alternatively, it can take social media posts as input and predicts what types of social media posts will be replying to them. Some changes I would make are making the ‘think’ method update power as well as reaffirming existing connections, making links between ideas fade as they are not used in eventually break off, allowing the brain to “forget” ideas that have not been used frequently in order to allow space for new ideas, and many other changes. 
By project Yoav Feldman
Before going over the code I would like for you to know I am dyslexic so the variables and methods may be consistently misspelled. Please do not mind this and enjoy the code.
